aws-globalaccelerator-listener/README.md, before:

# AWS::GlobalAccelerator::Listener

#### Building and testing the project
There are a couple options for building and testing the project.

1. "mvn clean package" - this will build clean and build the project.
2. "cfn submit -v --region <desired_region> - This will deploy the resource as a private resource to your aws account.  This may take a couple minutes.
3. "cfn cloudformation set-type-default-version --type "RESOURCE" --type-name AWS::GlobalAccelerator::Listener --version-id "xxxxxxxxx" - This will set the version that is used when submitted new cloud formation templates against the given resource type. You can list versions using the aws cloudformation list-type-versions command.

##### Files:

1. `aws-globalaccelerator-listener.json` - This file contains the schema definition for the listener resource.  It also drives auto generated classes from rpdk.


#### How to test locally
2 ways of testing:
1. Sam local invoke
2. Deploy stack in your local (cfn submit and aws cfn create-stack)

Please don't modify files under `target/generated-sources/rpdk`, as they will be
automatically overwritten.

Commit message:

Adding input files for all three cloud formation resources and updating (#46)
Adding the three input files per cloud formation resource in order for the contract tests to be able to run during registration.

aws-globalaccelerator-listener/README.md, after:

# AWS::GlobalAccelerator::Listener

#### Building and testing the project
There are a couple options for building and testing the project.

1. "mvn clean package" - this will build clean and build the project.
2. "cfn submit -v --region <desired_region> - This will deploy the resource as a private resource to your aws account.  This may take a couple minutes.
3. "cfn cloudformation set-type-default-version --type "RESOURCE" --type-name AWS::GlobalAccelerator::Listener --version-id "xxxxxxxxx" - This will set the version that is used when submitted new cloud formation templates against the given resource type. You can list versions using the aws cloudformation list-type-versions command.

##### Files:

1. `aws-globalaccelerator-listener.json` - This file contains the schema definition for the listener resource.  It also drives auto generated classes from rpdk.
2. `inputs/inputs_1_create.json` - This file is used during the contract tests which are run when using the "cfn submit" or "cfn test" commands.  When running either of those commands, replace {{AcceleratorArn}} in this file with a valid Global Accelerator Arn from your aws account.
3. `inputs/inputs_1_invalid.json` - This file is used during the contract tests which are run when using the "cfn submit" or "cfn test" commands.
4. `inputs/inputs_1_update.json` - This file is used during the contract tests which are run when using the "cfn submit" or "cfn test" commands.  When running either of those commands, replace {{AcceleratorArn}} in this file with a valid Global Accelerator Arn from your aws account.


#### How to test locally
2 ways of testing:
1. Sam local invoke
2. Deploy stack in your local (cfn submit and aws cfn create-stack)

Please don't modify files under `target/generated-sources/rpdk`, as they will be
automatically overwritten.
